Update service-licensing-for-cd.md (#5937)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/get-started/service-licensing-for-cd.md

helpdocs_is_published: true
---

Harness Continuous Delivery and GitOps use a Service usage model to track your license consumption.

The CD service usage calculation uses the **Active Services** count and the number of **Service Instances** each Active Service's deployment creates. These concepts, and how they apply to different deployment types, are described in this document.

## Licensing FAQ

### What are Active Services?

> - When Harness deploys a service via a pipeline, the service is counted as an Active Service, in the last 30 days. Harness obtains all services that are part of any pipeline execution (deployment) over the past 30 Days. This represents the total Active Services consumed by an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When Harness deploys a service via a pipeline, the service is counted as an Active Service if the service is deployed not more than 30 days ago. Harness obtains all services that are part of any pipeline execution (deployment) over the past 30 Days. This represents the total Active Services consumed by an account.
```

> - When Harness deploys a GitOps Application, the GitOps Application is counted as an Active Service.e

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When Harness deploys a GitOps Application, the GitOps Application is counted as an Active Service.
```

helpdocs_is_published: true
---

> Harness Continuous Delivery and GitOps use a Service usage model to track your license consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness Continuous Delivery and GitOps use a service usage model to track your license consumption.
```

The CD service usage calculation uses the **Active Services** count and the number of **Service Instances** each Active Service's deployment creates. These concepts, and how they apply to different deployment types, are described in this document.

## Licensing FAQ

### What are Active Services?

- When Harness deploys a service via a pipeline, the service is counted as an Active Service if the service is deployed not more than 30 days ago. Harness obtains all services that are part of any pipeline execution (deployment) over the past 30 Days. This represents the total Active Services consumed by an account.
- When Harness deploys a GitOps Application, the GitOps Application is counted as an Active Service.
- You can track Active Services in any month for your account by going to the Subscription page in the Harness UI.

### Where do I see my Active Service total? 

Go to **Account Settings** > **Subscriptions** or enter the following URL using your Harness account ID for `ACCOUNT_ID`.

#### Key things to understand

> - Under License Usage, the Service License tile is the total number of service licenses consumed by all the total active services over the last 30 day period. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Under License Usage, the Service License tile shows the total number of service licenses consumed by all the total active services over the last 30 days. 
```

- The Active Service Graph shows the breakdown of active services consumed over the last 30 days.

> - The Usage Breakdown Table shows the type of services consumed over the last 30 days based on the Active Service Graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Usage Breakdown Table shows the type of services consumed over the last 30 days based on the Active Service Graph.
```

### Serverless Applications

> For serverless applications deployed through a Deploy Stage in a Harness pipeline, for each serverless function that is deployed in the last month, 0.16 (1/6) Active Service Licenses are consumed. We will always round up to the next whole number. For example: 0.2 will become 1 Active Service License. For every

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For serverless applications deployed through a Deploy Stage in a Harness pipeline, for each serverless function that is deployed in the last month, 0.16 (1/6) Active Service Licenses are consumed. We will always round up to the next whole number. For example: 0.2 will become 1 Active Service License. For every service types that are classified as a serverless application:
```

> Service types that are classified as a serverless application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
